so
to the chief musician a psalm of david
the servant of the lord in oracle within
my heart concerning the transgression of
the wicked there is no fear of God
before his eyes for he flatters himself
in his own eyes when he finds out his
iniquity and when he hates the words of
his mouth our wickedness and deceit
he has ceased to be wise and to do good
he devises wickedness on his bed
he sets himself in a way that is not
good he does not abort evil your mercy O
Lord is in the heavens your faithfulness
reaches to the clouds your righteousness
is like the great mountains your
judgments are a great deep Oh Lord you
preserve man and beast how precious is
your loving-kindness
o God therefore the children of men put
their trust under the shadow of your
wings they are abundantly satisfied with
the fullness of your house and you give
them drink from the river of your
pleasures for with you is the fountain
of life in your light we see light Oh
continue your loving kindness to those
who know you and your righteousness to
the upright in heart let not the foot of
pride come against me and let not the
hand of the wicked drive me away they're
the workers of iniquity have fallen
they have been cast down and are not
able to rise
you